up this is going to be a five minute
stream I just want to show you guys this
sick [__] that I just did game pad boom
boom boom boom boom boom boom
boom Oh wait but I have to actually hold
down all right so so I found a bug
because I can only toggle a switch so I
only um all right but let me uh all
right let's let let me fix this all
right so I do this shift
tab
all and now now I'm watching worlds and
I'm you know and
I'm I'm like back here oh yeah I want to
watch something I want to watch
something I guess I
am that's it that's that's all I got to
do easy bro here's the code if anyone
[__]
cares you can see it's anyways there's
these two crates that are super
good Gil RS and enigo and that's all it
is I think I want to do mouse support
which seems easy enough but you know
I'll probably I'll probably rewrite this
but I just want to
show you know show how easy this is I'll
probably put up on GitHub
soon peace